Too Late by Clay Cochran, Amarillo, Texas, March the 4th, 1939.
So you've come back to me once more.
The old, old love is growing yet.
You've tried through all these many years.
You have tried so vainly too far.
So you've come back to me once more Since time at last has made you free To ask again of me the heart Whose early ties were bound to me
Come near and let me see your face Your chestnut hair is tinged with snow Yet still it is the same old face I loved so fondly years ago The same that on that summer's eve
Been over me and kissed my brow Those happy, happy hours of love Ah, well, they are all over now Oh, no, you cannot touch my hand God never gives us back, are you?
between can e'er be spent.
Our paths must lie apart soon.
Forgive you do not speak the word.
You never meant to do me wrong.
God sent this anguish to my heart.
You teach me to be brave